[ST-828] doc for robot plugin (#172)
launchableinc/cli: docs/optimizing-test-execution/subsetting-tests.md

bundle exec rails test $(cat launchable-subset.txt)
```

### Robot

> To select meaningful subset of tests, use `--dryrun` option to get all test cases, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a meaningful subset of tests, use `--dryrun` option to list all test cases, like this:
```

```bash
robot --dryrun -o dryrun.xml
launchable subset \
  --build <build name> \
  --target <target> \
  robot dryrun.xml > launchable-subset.txt
```

> the file will contain the subset of test that should be run. you can now invoke minitest to run exactly those tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file will contain the subset of test that should be run. You can now invoke Robot to run exactly those tests:
```

```bash

> bundle exec rails test $(cat launchable-subset.txt)

Reviewer: Oh @Konboi what's the right `robot` command here?

Author: yes right, just moment

Reviewer: I think it may be `robot $(cat launchable-subset.txt)`.

Author: I thought that but I ran it and failed, so I'll investigate it. 

```
$ robot . $(cat subset.txt) .
[ ERROR ] Parsing '-s' failed: File or directory to execute does not exist.

Try --help for usage information.
```

Author: `robot $(cat launchable-subset.txt) .` is correct.
The cause of the error was dependent on my environment.

Author: :pray:
https://github.com/launchableinc/cli/pull/174
